Juvenile Flickerfly
Flickerflies are known to be one of, if not the most successful natural hunters in the Mortal Realm. Whereas other predators may attribute their deadliness to keen senses or powerful jaws, the Flickerfly's advantage lies entirely in its wings' versatility. Balancing strength and flexibility, the wings of this creature are made of the sharpest naturally occurring material yet discovered. Thin and razor-edged, enough cuts will allow these wings to slash through even the hardiest metals and strongest stone.
Those who hunt these creatures will seek the smaller juveniles that have recently grown from the nymph stage (and crawled from the freshwater where they spend their early years) as Flickerflies of all ages are most vulnerable on land. The molted wings of a Flickerfly are a rare and precious prize sought after by blade smiths and medical practitioners alike.
Adult Flickerfly
Flickerflies are known to be one of, if not the most successful natural hunters in the Mortal Realm. Whereas other predators may attribute their deadliness to keen senses or powerful jaws, the Flickerfly's advantage lies entirely in its wings' versatility. Balancing strength and flexibility, the wings of this creature are made of the sharpest naturally occurring material yet discovered. Thin and razor-edged, enough cuts will allow these wings to slash through even the hardiest metals and strongest stone.
Those who hunt these creatures will seek the smaller juveniles that have recently grown from the nymph stage (and crawled from the freshwater where they spend their early years) as Flickerflies of all ages are most vulnerable on land. The molted wings of a Flickerfly are a rare and precious prize sought after by blade smiths and medical practitioners alike.
Vampires

Volcanic Dragon: Obsidian Predator
Description: A massive winged creature with obsidian scales and impossibly sharp claws.
Motives & Tactics: Hunt, Fly, Divebomb, Intimidate, Defend Lair
Tier: 3
Type: Solo
Difficulty: 19
Attack Modifier: +8 
Obsidian Claws: Close | 4d10+5 phy
Minor 1 | Major 40 | Severe 70
HP: 7
Stress: 5
Experience:
Military Scholar +5
Features
Relentless (2) - Passive
This adversary may activate two times in a GM move.
Flying - Passive
Attack rolls against this creature, while it is flying, are at +3 difficulty.
Avalanche Tail - Action
+10 attack modifier 
Mark a Stress to make a tail attack against all targets within Close range. Any hit by Avalanche Tail take 2d20 phy damage and are knocked back to Close range, becoming Vulnerable until their next roll with Hope.
Divebomb - Action | +7 attack modifier
If this adversary is flying, mark a Stress to pick a spot within Far range. Make an attack against all targets within Very Close range of that spot. Any you succeed against take 3d20+5 phy damage. Targets hit by Divebomb also mark a Stress and lose a Hope.
Obsidian Scales - Reaction
Any time Obsidian Predator takes damage, it reduces that damage by 2d8.
Erupting Rage (Phase Change) - Reaction
When Obsidian Predator marks their last HP, replace them with Molten Scourge. Spend a Fear to have them activate immediately.

Volcanic Dragon: Molten Scourge
Description: Enraged by their wounds, the dragon bursts into molten lava.
Motives & Tactics: Incinerate, Douse with Lava, Repel Invaders, Reposition
Tier: 3
Type: Solo
Difficulty: 20
Attack Modifier: +9 
Lava-coated Claws: Close | 5d10+10 phy
Minor 1 | Major 37 | Severe 62
HP: 7
Stress: 5
Experience:
Military Scholar +5
Features
Relentless (3) - Passive
This adversary may activate three times in a GM move.
Shattering Might - Action
+8 Attack Modifier 
Mark a Stress to attack a target within Very Close range. If successful, it deals 10d6+10 phy damage. Creatures hit by Shattering Might are knocked away to Close range and add a token to the action tracker.
Volcanic Breath - Reaction
Any time this adversary is dealt Major damage, roll 1d10. On an 8+, this creature breathes a flow of lava on all targets in front of them within Far range. They must make a Reaction roll using with Agility (21). On a failure, they take 3d20 phy damage, mark 1d4 Stress, and are Vulnerable until they clear a Stress. On a success, they take half damage and mark 1 Stress.
Eruption - Action
Spend a Fear to erupt lava from beneath this adversary’s scales, filling the area in Very Close range around them with molten stone. Any targets in that area must make an Agility Reaction Roll (22) or take 4d20+8 phy damage and be pushed out into Close range. This area remains lava that deals 4d20+8 damage to anyone who enters it until the battle is over.
Lava Splash - Reaction
Whenever Molten Scourge takes Severe Damage, molten blood gushes forth from the wound and hits the attacker if they are within Very Close range, dealing 6d6 phy damage.
Cracked Scales - Reaction
Any time Volcanic Dragon takes damage, it reduces that damage by 1d8.
Ashen Vengeance (Phase Change) - Reaction
When Molten Scourge marks their last HP, replace them with Ashen Tyrant. Spend a Fear to have them activate immediately.

Volcanic Dragon: Ashen Tyrant
Description: No enemy has ever had the insolence to wound the dragon so. As the lava settles, it is ground to ash like the dragon’s past foes.
Motives & Tactics: Choke, Fly, Intimidate, Kill or Be Killed
Tier: 3
Type: Solo
Difficulty: 18
Attack Modifier: +10 
Claws and Teeth: Close | 6d10+10 phy
Minor 1 | Major 26 | Severe 57
HP: 7
Stress: 5
Experience:
Military Scholar +5
Relentless (4) - Passive
This adversary may activate four times in a GM move.
Injured Wings - Passive
Attack rolls against this creature while it is flying are at +1 difficulty
Fiery Death - Passive
Whenever a target within Close distance of Volcanic Dragon rolls a failure, they lose a Hope. If they can’t, they mark a Hit Point.
Desperate Rampage - Action
+8 attack modifier 
Mark a Stress to make an attack against all targets within Close range. Any target hit by this attack takes 4d12 phy damage, marks Stress, and is knocked back to Close range.
Ashen Cloud - Action
Spend a Fear to smash the ground and kick up ash everywhere within Far range. Ranged attacks through this area are at disadvantage. Any creature taking an action within the ash cloud adds two tokens to the action tracker. This cloud clears the next time the GM spends every token on the action tracker.
Apocalyptic Thrashing - Action
Countdown (1d12) 
Spend a Fear to activate. This ticks down every time a token is placed on the action tracker. When triggered, Ashen Tyrant thrashes about, causing environmental damage (earthquake, avalanche, collapsing walls, etc.) All targets within Far range must make a Strength Reaction Roll (22) or suffer 4d20 phy damage and become Restrained in the rubble. Any restrained targets can break free with Strength (25). Targets that succeed only take half damage and are not Restrained.